Improve Append Mode doc (#1382)
telefonicaid/iotagent-node-lib: doc/api.md

activated, the update requests to the Context Broker will be performed always with APPEND type, instead of the default
UPDATE. This have implications in the use of attributes with Context Providers, so this flag should be used with care.

When running the agent using `appendMode=false`, if sending measures that are not included in the config group (as 

> active measures), the IoT Agent should return a `422 Unprocessable Entity` code with the following message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
active measures), the IoT Agent returns a `422 Unprocessable Entity` code with the following message:
```

As I think is a description of functional behaviour and optionality is not possible here (I could be wrong).

```json
{
    "name": "ENTITY_GENERIC_ERROR",
    "message": "Error accesing entity data for device: deviceType:dev of type: deviceType"
}
```

> Additionaly, the agent creates the device and the corresponding entity in the broker if `autoprovision==true` 

Author: ```suggestion
Additionally, the agent creates the device and the corresponding entity in the broker if `autoprovision==true` 
```

> Additionaly, The agent should have created the device and the corresponding entity in the broker if `autoprovision==true` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionaly, the agent creates the device and the corresponding entity in the broker if `autoprovision==true` 
```
